Rule 2166/26 (Power=3.0)
Assets

      An asset is an entity defined as such by a document that has been
      granted Mint Authority by the Rules (hereafter the asset's backing 
      document), and existing solely because its backing document defines 
      its existence. An asset's backing document can specify when and how 
      that asset is created, destroyed, and transferred.
      
      Each asset has exactly one owner. If an asset would otherwise lack
      an owner, it is owned by Agora. If an asset's backing document
      restricts its ownership to a class of entities, then that asset
      CANNOT be gained by or transferred to an entity outside that
      class, and is destroyed if it is owned by an entity outside that
      class (except if it is owned by Agora, in which case any player
      CAN transfer or destroy it without objection). The restrictions in
      the previous sentence are subject to modification by its backing
      document.
      
      Unless modified by an asset's backing document, ownership of an
      asset is restricted to Agora, players, and contracts. As an
      exception to the last sentence, non-player persons are generally
      able to own assets defined by a contract they are a party to,
      subject to modification by the contract in question.
      
      The recordkeepor of a class of assets is the entity (if any)
      defined as such by, and bound by, its backing document. That
      entity's report includes a list of all instances of that class and
      their owners. This portion of that entity's report is
      self-ratifying.  For the purposes of this rule, the
      promulgator of a regulation is bound by it.
      
      An asset generally CAN be destroyed by its owner by announcement,
      subject to modification by its backing document. An indestructible
      asset is one defined as such by it backing document, and CANNOT be
      destroyed except by a proposal or rule, other than this one,
      specifically addressing the destruction of indestructible assets
      or that asset in particular; any other asset is destructible. In
      circumstances where another asset would be destroyed, an
      indestructible asset is generally transferred to Agora, subject to
      modification by its backing document and the intervention of other
      rules.
      
      To "lose" an asset is to have it destroyed from one's possession;
      to "revoke" an asset from an entity is to destroy it from that
      entity's possession.
      
      An asset generally CAN be transferred (syn. given) by
      announcement by its owner to another entity, subject to
      modification by its backing document. A fixed asset is one defined
      as such by its backing document, and CANNOT be transferred; any
      other asset is liquid.
      
      When a rule indicates transferring an amount that is not a natural
      number, the specified amount is rounded up to the nearest natural
      number.
      
      A currency is a class of asset defined as such by its backing
      document. Instances of a currency with the same owner are
      fungible.
      
      The "x balance of an entity", where x is a currency, is the number
      of x that entity possesses. If a rule, proposal, or other
      competent authority attempts to increase or decrease the balance
      of an entity without specifying a source or destination, then the
      currency is created or destroyed as needed.
           
      Where it resolves ambiguity, the asset or currency being referred
      to is the currency designated as "Agora's official currency", if
      there is one.
      
      An asset or class of assets is private, rather than public, if its
      backing document is a contract.
      
      ---
      FEES
      
     Proto v2:  Let's really define payment solidly please, finally.

Create the following Rule, Fee-based actions:

        If the Rules associate payment of a non-empty set of assets (hereafter
        the fee for the action; syns: cost, price, charge) with performing an
        action, that action is a fee-based action.
        If the fee is a non-integer quantity of a fungible asset, the actual
        fee is the next highest integer amount of that asset.

[Takes out default - if you mean Coins in the Rules say Coins, if you
fail to specify a type of asset your rule is broken].

        To perform a fee-based action, an entity (the Actor) who is
        otherwise permitted to perform the action must announce that e
        is performing the action; the announcement must specify the
        correct set of assets for the fee and indicate intent
        to pay that fee for the sole purpose of performing the action.

        Upon such an announcement:

        - If the Rules specify a recipient for the fee, and the Actor
          CAN transfer that specified fee from emself to the recipient,
          then that fee is transferred from the Actor to the recipient
          and the action is performed simultaneously;

        - If the Rules do not specify a recipient, and the Actor CAN
          destroy the specified fee in eir possession, then that fee
          in eir possession is destroyed and the action is
          performed simultaneously.

        - Otherwise, no changes are made to asset holdings and the
          action is not performed.

        If the Rules define a fee-based action but the specified
        set of assets is the empty set, then the action is performed by
        announcement, but the announcement must include that there
        is an (empty or 0) fee for the action.

[Without this 0 edge case: arguments on the nature of the empty set galore!]

[Todo:  change rules to use this wording, remove "pay" = "transfer" definition
currently in rules]
 
 ----------------------------------------------------------
      
      EXTRA BITS
      ---
      
      MINT AUTHORITIES - list as a block, or state (in individual rules
      that different types of entity can be Mint Authorities:
      
      (a) rule, (b)
      authorized regulation, (c) group of rules and/or authorized
      regulations (but if such regulations modify a preexisting asset
      class defined by a rule or another title of regulations, they must
      be authorized specifically to do so by their parent rule), or (d)
      contract
      
      ---
      
      CONTRACT ASSET OWNERSHIP:  should be a standalone rule
      
            A contract's text can specify whether or not that contract is
      willing to receive assets or a class of assets. Generally, a
      contract CANNOT be given assets it is unwilling to receive. If the
      contract is silent on the matter, or if its willingness is
      indeterminate or the subject of a inextricable conditional, the
      procedure to determine its willingness is as follows:
      
        1. If the contract appears to anticipate being given assets,
           other than for sustenance (e.g. by authorizing parties to
           spend the contract's assets), then the contract is willing to
           receive all assets.
      
        2. Otherwise, it is unwilling to receive all assets.
      
      The previous paragraph (including the list) notwithstanding, a
      contract CAN be given 1 unit of Agora’s official currency a month
      for its sustenance payment, so long as it never has more than 1
      unit of Agora’s official currency at a time.
      
     -----
     THIS IS SOME GOOD GENERAL TEXT FOR CONTRACT TRACKING (not just assets)
     
     Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, a contract
      CANNOT oblige a person who isn't a member to record its internal
      state, nor is the default recordkeepor responsible for tracking a
      contract's internal state. 
      
      ------
      CUT THIS - no one ever does it.
            When a player causes one or more balances to change, e is
      ENCOURAGED to specify the resulting balance(s). Players SHOULD NOT
      specify inaccurate balances.
      
      
      
      
