
[TODO:  Check proposals adopted since the last SLR to see if there's
any conflicts]

Create the following Rule, Zombie Life Cycle, power=3:

      Any player CAN, with Notice, flip the master switch of an active 
      player who has not made a public announcement in the past 60 days
      to Agora.
                      
      Resale is a secured natural switch for zombies, tracked by the 
      Registrar, with a default value of 2. Whenever a zombie's master 
      switch is flipped to a player other than emself, eir resale value
      is decreased by 1. 
      
      A zombie with a resale value of 0 CANNOT have eir master switch 
      flipped to a player other than emself, rules to the contrary 
      notwithstanding.  
      
      Any player CAN, with Notice:
      - If a zombie has been a zombie for the past 90 days and not had 
        Agora for a master during any of that time, flip the zombie's                    
        master switch to Agora;  
      - If a player is master to more than one zombie, flip the master 
        switch of one of that master's zombies to Agora;
      - Deregister a zombie whose master is Agora and who has a Resale 
        value of 0.  

      The Registrar SHALL track the date that each zombie last belonged 
      to Agora in eir weekly report.  The Registrar SHALL perform all 
      POSSIBLE actions in the preceding paragraph in a timely fashion 
      after first reporting their possibiliy via the facts in eir weekly 
      report.


Amend Rule 2532 (Zombies) to read in full:

      Master is a secured player switch with possible values of any
      player, and Agora. Every player's default master is emself; rules
      to the contrary notwithstanding, a player CAN always flip eir own
      master to emself by announcement.
      
      A player whose master is not emself is a Zombie (syn. Inactive); 
      all other players are Active.  A zombie's master, if another 
      player, is allowed to act on behalf of the zombie (i.e. as the 
      zombie's agent), except a master CANNOT act on behalf of a zombie 
      to:
       - initiate, support, object to, or perform a dependent action;
       - act on behalf of that zombie's zombies;      
       - bid in a zombie auction;
       - enter a contract, pledge, or other type of agreement;     
       - deregister.
       
      A zombie's master CAN flip that zombie's master switch to Agora by
      announcement. 
            
      If a master causes a zombie to perform an ILLEGAL action, the
      master commits the Class 4+N Crime of Masterminding (where N is 
      the class of the illegal action). 
      
      If a active player who was a zombie has not received a Welcome 
      Package since e most recently ceased being a zombie, and if eir
      resale value was less than 2 at any point during eir most recent
      time as a zombie, then any player CAN cause em to receive a 
      Welcome Package by announcement.
      
[Note the above welcome package things allows e.g. PSS to receive one
after this is adopted]

                          
Amend Rule 1885 (Zombie Auctions) by replacing:
   (2) an auction for it is not underway, and (3) 
with:
   (2) is not a lot in an ongoing auction, (3) has a resale value 
   greater than 0, and (4)
   
and by replacing:
   The Registrar is the announcer, and the minimum bid is 1.
with:
   The Registrar is the announcer, and the minimum bid is 1.  Rules
   to the contrary notwithstanding, the master of a zombie CANNOT
   bid in a zombie auction, and if e comes to be a zombie's master, 
   all eir bids in zombie auctions that have not ended are withdrawn. 


Amend Rule 869 (How to Join and Leave Agora) by removing:
      If a player has not sent a message to a public forum in the last
      month, then any player CAN deregister em with 3 Agoran Consent.


Repeal Rule 2554 (Zombiception).

omd's master switch is hereby set to omd.

Create the following Rule, The Distributor, power=3:

      The Distributor is an imposed office whose holder is generally
      responsible for the management of the primary Agoran fora.
      The holder CANNOT be changed except Without Objection or by 
      proposal.  Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, the 
      Distributor's master switch CANNOT be flipped to be other than 
      emself, and e CANNOT be deregistered without eir explicit and
      direct consent.
      
omd is hereby made the Distributor.




I've been working on a draft of zombie nerfing but it's taking a little 
time. So I thought I'd post the tl;dr of what I'm going for, for 
discussion...  

So, the nerfing I'm putting together:

- Get rid of the 30/60 day status difference.  When you've been silent
  60 days, anyone CAN make you a zombie With Notice.  No middle-ground.  
  Direct dependet-action deregistration removed.
  
- Each active player can own 1 zombie, no more.  Zombies can't own or
  bid to own zombies.  

- Zombie Ownership after auction is 90 days, after that anyone CAN 
  reset it to Agora With Notice.  No upkeep fees/extensions- basic 90 
  day limit. Gets rid of Boo Lien debt.  Nice pun, but really doesn't 
  work with game dynamics.   
  
- Right-sizing:  If Zombies/Players > Ratio, anyone CAN dergister a 
  zombie belonging to Agora With Notice.  This is the only 
  deregistration method (though a Master can always deregister eir own 
  zombie).  (My guess at a good Ratio is 1/3.  Right now we're at 8/19
  so that would mean 3 dregistrations to get to 5/16).  

- Registrar is required to do the With Notice actions above. Since 
  these don't depend on others' consent, Registrar can't really
  manipulate dependent actions to avoid doing them.  Registrar's
  report tracks relevant dates (date of last public post/ownership 
  change).  
  
- Distributor (omd) protected from zombification.

- Mechanism for getting self-resurrecting zombies a Welcome Package.  
  
- Zombies can't do dependent actions.

Thoughts?

  
